Enhance the existing test automation web app by adding a new feature called “Interactive Test Creator”, which lets users automatically generate Playwright test scripts by manually performing a test flow once.

Requirements:

Add a new page or section called “Create Test” in the current web interface.

Include:

A text input for the target URL (e.g. https://app.algopilotx.com)

Buttons: Start Recording, Stop & Save, and Run Test

A table or list to display all previously recorded tests with options to View Script, Run Test, and Download Script.

Integrate Playwright’s Codegen behind the scenes:

When the user clicks Start Recording, launch Playwright Codegen (npx playwright codegen <url>) using Node’s child_process.

Let the user interact with the opened browser normally — their actions will be recorded automatically.

When they click Stop & Save, close the Codegen session and save the generated Playwright test file in a /tests folder, using a timestamped filename like test_YYYYMMDD_HHMM.spec.ts.

Backend Implementation (Express + Socket.io):

Endpoint POST /api/record → starts recording using Codegen.

Endpoint POST /api/run-test → runs a chosen test via npx playwright test <file>.

Endpoint GET /api/tests → lists saved test scripts.

Use Socket.IO to stream live terminal output (recording and test run logs) back to the frontend in real time.

Frontend UI (React or vanilla JS):

Clean layout with:

Input box for the URL

Buttons for “Record”, “Stop & Save”, “Run Test”

A live Log Output Console showing streamed messages from the backend.

When recording stops, show a success message and update the test list dynamically.

NPM Setup:

"scripts": {
  "start": "node server.js",
  "record": "playwright codegen",
  "test": "playwright test"
}


Install dependencies:

npm install playwright express socket.io child_process
npx playwright install


Deliverable:

The Replit app runs with npm start and opens a working dashboard at localhost:3000 (or Replit preview).

From that dashboard, a user can:
✅ Enter a URL and record a test visually
✅ Automatically save a generated Playwright test script
✅ View and re-run saved tests anytime
✅ See live logs and download scripts

Ensure the feature integrates smoothly with the existing app’s project structure and Playwright configuration.